doc: enhance SNMP pre-requisites CTOR-1190 (#4136)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-lenovo-flexsystem-snmp.md

| Rule name       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|:----------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | SNMP Agents     | Discover your resources through an SNMP subnet scan. You need to install the [Generic SNMP](./applications-protocol-snmp.md) connector to get the discovery rule and create a template mapper for the **Net-Juniper-EX-custom** host template |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SNMP Agents     | Discover your resources through an SNMP subnet scan. You need to install the [Generic SNMP](./applications-protocol-snmp.md) connector to get the discovery rule and create a template mapper for the **Net-Lenovo-Flexsystem-SNMP-custom** host template |
```
